[Never-Ending Summer]
[Episode 22]
[Lan Yue Group Phase II Resort Internal Bidding Conference]
This is the Executive Director from headquarters,
Mr. Wu.
He's also the manager
For this bidding.
I heard he's been
With the old Chairman Lu
Since the early days of Lan Yue Group.
He's the right-hand man.
Mr. Wu is already here,
But the people from Dingshang still aren't.
Some people really put on airs.
[Lan Yue Group Phase II Resort Internal Bidding Conference]
Who is he?
I don't think I've seen him before.
He's not in the files.
I feel like I've seen him somewhere.
[Lan Yue Group Phase II Resort Internal Bidding Conference]
Alright, everyone.
Since you're all here,
Let's officially begin.
This is
Our group company's
First internal bidding.
Its purpose is
To select the most capable
And innovative construction team
For the Phase II resort project—
A project with enormous potential.
I believe that
Through this
Exchange and presentation,
We will definitely propose
An excellent project proposal,
Laying a solid foundation
For the future advancement of the project.
[Dingshang Construction]
Alright.
Put your enthusiasm for clapping
Into your own projects.
Next, we'll move to
The bidding presentation session.
[Dingshang Construction]
First, please welcome Boxing Construction.
Hello, everyone.
I am Zhou Wan from Boxing Construction.
Our design proposal is themed around
"Long-Term Stay, Home Away from Home"—
Building the dream home,
Creating a second home
For our guests.
Vacation is about escaping
The trivial and exhausting
Daily routine.
More and more people lack
A sense of security
And belonging at home.
That's why
Our proposal
Rejects the traditional notion
That resorts equal luxury but distance.
I want to be with you.
Lu Xixiao.
Okay.
[Dingshang Construction] [Boxing Construction]
[Lan Yue Group]
[Leading the X Era]
Long time no see,
Mr. Jiang Yan.
This...
Offer letter?
Since we know each other so well,
There's no need for this formality.
Mr. Lu asked me
To help you with the onboarding.
This is your employee ID.
[Lan Yue Group Jiang Yan]
Mr. Lu?
You mean Lu Zhongyue?
[Lan Yue Group Jiang Yan]
Yes.
Let's...
Let's go.
Mr. Lu is w-waiting for us.
[Lan Yue Group]
Uh, M-Mr. Jiang.
It's this way.
Yes, let's go this way.
[Lan Yue Group]
Right.
Mr. Lu, Mr. Jiang is here.
Got it. You may leave.
Is the onboarding all done?
Did you recruit me into Lan Yue?
Does that bother you?
Wait.
You were scouted
Through HR's competitive
Selection process.
But yes, I did sign
The final approval.
Positions at your level
Require my confirmation.
I know what's
On your mind.
But if you're thinking of turning down
This offer because of that,
Then I've overestimated you.
I have only one question for you, Mr. Lu.
Go ahead.
If it weren't for
Our connection—
If you were judging only by my resume —
Would you still have signed off?
Absolutely.
Your abilities speak for themselves.
Do you think I'd
Waste company resources
Just to do you
A personal favor?
Come.
That suit looks good on you today.
Very sharp.
[Lan Yue Group Phase II Resort Internal Bidding Conference]
Alright, everyone.
After a comprehensive
Evaluation
By our professional assessment team
Of each company's project proposal,
[Boxing Construction]
The winner of
The first round
[Bid Evaluation Party: Lan Yue Group]
Boxing Construction.
[Boxing Construction]
Great! Excellent!
Great.
Gr-
Congratulations to Dingshang Construction as well.
Congratulations.
Keep up
The good work
In the next round.
[Lan Yue Group Phase II Resort Internal Bidding Conference]
Ms. Zhou Wan, you're amazing!
[Dingshang Construction] [Boxing Construction]
We won!
This is the result of everyone's
Hard work.
Xixiao.
When did you get back?
-Mr. Wu. -When did you arrive?
I came back at the beginning of the month.
Have you visited your grandfather yet?
I went as soon as I got back.
Let's go eat.
Let's go.
Why did he call him Xixiao?
They seem so close.
Who is he?
Where have I seen him before?
I remember now.
Could he be...
-Who is he? -Could he be...
The heir of Lan Yue Group, Lu Xixiao.
Lu Xixiao?
It can't really be him, right?
We're done for.
It's all over.
If he's with Dingshang,
Our second round
Is toast.
But at least
We made it through round one.
Now let's focus on preparing for round two.
I'm leaving.
Come on, everyone!
Let's get high!
Congratulations to us
For winning the first round of bidding
For the resort's Phase II!
Great!
Thanks to the group headquarters.
Thanks to everyone for working overtime
Day and night recently.
And most importantly, thanks to
Our new Project Director,
Mr. Lu Jr.!
Let's make a toast to Mr. Lu Jr.!
Come on!
Mr. Lu Jr.!
To you!
Come on!
Mr. Lu Jr.!
Mr. Lu Jr. is so straightforward!
Come on, Mr. Lu Jr.!
-Come on! -Another one!
Another one!
With so much alcohol,
Are we not going home tonight?
Mr. Lu Jr.,
Don't tell me you're scared.
Come on!
Alright, come on!
Another one!
Next,
Let's welcome Mr. Lu Jr.
To say a few words.
How about that?
Great!
Mr. Lu Jr.!
Alright.
Thank you, everyone, for being so
Supportive of me as the new
Project director.
But from now on,
Stop calling me
Mr. Lu Jr.
Or whatever Mr.
You can call me Xixiao,
Or just Xiao.
-Alright? -Xixiao.
Tonight,
Let's eat, drink, and have fun.
Tomorrow, we wake up
And keep pushing forward.
Alright?
Alright!
Go for it!
Cheers!
Come on!
Ms. Zhou Wan, why aren't you here yet?
[Receptionist]
I'm already here.
We're in Room 866.
Don't go to the wrong room.
What a coincidence.
Dingshang also booked their celebration here,
And snagged Room 888.
Mr. Niu is pulling a long face.
This is one of
Their partner venues anyway.
It's normal for them to come here.
It's fine. I'm almost there.
[Bathroom]
I made you wait for me here again.
Have you been waiting long?
Again?
Lu Xixiao, you've got the wrong person.
Don't go.
Let go.
What are you doing, Lu Xixiao?
I'm begging you.
Please.
It's so good to be drunk.
I get to see you when I'm drunk.
I get to see you.
Do you often get this wasted?
You should know better
Than anyone how drunk I get.
But why does it feel like
You're different from before?
Who did you mistake me for,
Lu Xixiao?
Don't go.
No.
[mei KTV]
Don't leave yet.
Zhou Wan, don't go.
Zhou Wan!
Zhou Wan.
You can't go.
You can't leave.
Don't go yet.
You can't go.
Don't go.
Just lean back.
Don't move.
I'll call the driver
To see where he is.
I'm fine.
T-The car's here.
The car's here.
We're going
To a nearby five-star hotel.
No hotel.
Take me home.
You...
Come on, how old are you,
Lu Xixiao?
Why are you acting like a kid?
Excuse me, we'll
Go to here instead.
♪ The narcissus rides a carp, drifting away in sadness ♪
I'll go get you some hangover pills.
Don't go.
♪ Deep green lurks beneath the sea, stirring the nebula ♪
I really can't deal with you.
♪ On countless nights, we move forward ♪
Don't go.
I'm dreaming, right?
♪ Seeking, waking up and collecting ♪
Dreaming is great.
♪ Crazy love ♪
♪ Say yes, let's start fresh ♪
♪ The first night, my sunset ♪
♪ The whole world, the two of us♪
♪ The city doesn't sleep, ups and downs ♪
♪ Breathing at midnight ♪
♪ Someone lights the fire ♪
♪ The love burns each other ♪
♪ My organs ♪
♪ Every midnight ♪
♪ Being played ♪
I miss you so much.
I said, as long as you come back...
♪ The narcissus rides a carp, drifting away in sadness ♪
As long as you come back, I'll forgive you.
♪ Deep green lurks beneath the sea, stirring the nebula ♪
Why are you so cruel to me?
Why?
♪ On countless nights, we move forward ♪
♪ Seeking, waking up and collecting ♪
♪ Crazy love ♪
♪ Say yes, let's start fresh ♪
♪ The first night, my sunset ♪
♪ The whole world, the two of us♪
♪ The city doesn't sleep, ups and downs ♪
♪ Breathing at midnight ♪
♪ Someone lights the fire ♪
♪ The love burns each other ♪
♪ My organs ♪
♪ Every midnight ♪
I'm sorry.
♪ I'll play the instrument for you ♪
I can't let that summer
Happen again.
Go to sleep.
♪ One, two, three, four, five ♪
♪ Close my eyes and count ♪
♪ Open your eyes and see me ♪
You're awake.
I haven't seen you
Sleep so soundly in a long time.
What are you doing?
Are you crazy?
Get up.
I tried to make Zhou Wan stay.
But she insisted on leaving.
Can you blame me?
What do you mean you tried to make her stay?
Did you cook this meal?
I have to say, Zhou Wan's cooking is pretty good.
It's all good for hangovers and your stomach.
You have no idea how much
Those curators could drink last night.
They kept drinking until morning.
You're not actually mad about
Zhou Wan leaving, are you?
I was going to wake you up,
But you were sleeping
So soundly.
I just couldn't do it.
I did sleep well.
No wonder all those sleep aids
Over the years never worked.
The real cure is a person.
You haven't eaten yet. Where are you going?
To work.
Seriously?
Are you really going to keep working
At Dingshang?
What about the art exhibition?
You're there, aren't you?
What good is me being there?
They appreciate your paintings,
Man.
The exhibition
Was supposed to start in September,
And now we've got no venue
And no finalized pieces.
Are you trying
To get me fired?
If I can't pay my mortgage,
I'll live here with you for the rest of my life!
We're just short of a few paintings.
Give me a month,
And I'll make up for them, okay?
Fine.
That's what you said.
Lend me your phone for a sec.
I want to check Gu Meng's Moments.
Don't you have your own phone?
I transferred her the mortgage this morning,
And she blocked me.
She blocked me too.
Unbelievable.
I got home at 2 a.m. last night
And crashed.
I'm so exhausted.
Play, keep playing.
Aren't you doing well?
[Real Estate Bidding Proposal]
Our second-round bidding
Is starting soon.
What's with
Everyone slacking off?
What's wrong?
Dingshang has a rich heir in charge.
What's the point of
Us trying so hard?
Zhou Wan, what do you think?
Ms. Zhou Wan, Mr. Niu is calling you.
Zhou Wan, you aren't scared, are you?
That's not your style.
I think we still
Have a chance.
[Real Estate Bidding Proposal]
The whole point
Of Lan Yue's internal bidding
Is to break away
From the old model
And pick the team
That's best for Phase II.
Boxing has solid experience
And a budget advantage.
In round one,
Our proposal
Was highly praised,
And you all saw that.
Besides,
Lu Xixiao has been abroad for so long,
And has no foundation in Lan Yue.
And Boxing is not
Completely without support in Lan Yue.
Listen up.
Well said.
Let me tell you,
Don't just think
Dingshang has Mr. Lu Jr.
We have connections too.
Everyone in this Phase II bidding
Has some leverage.
So do your best.
It's still unknown who will win.
The second round
Is tight and demanding.
We can't
Afford to slack off.
Nor can we
Take any chances
With this voting assessment
Because of my identity.
If we want to win
The resort's Phase II,
It has to be
On our own merits.
But to be honest,
I don't have any practical
Experience with a project this big,
So I've brought in
The best domestic
Real estate bidding team
To back us up this time.
Mr. Gao.
Boxing now has a clear advantage
In budget.
So we must find a way
To turn the enemy's advantage
Into our own.
Make sure we win
This bidding.
Yes!
Well done.
Mr. Lu, please sign here.
Mr. Lu,
The risk assessment team is here.
It's Mr. Zhao.
Mr. Zhao.
Hello, Mr. Lu.
Hello.
This time...
Come, sit.
We're counting on you
For the Phase II
Risk assessment.
Rest assured.
This is the main direction for now.
Take a look first.
Wan, it's updated. Come quick.
I'm busy.
You watch it first, babe.
Why are you working again?
You... It's been three days.
You're still working on it.
You're going to burn yourself out.
Thank you.
What a feast.
Take a seat.
I was just wondering where to eat.
Looks good.
Is it okay?
Is it from Xia's place?
Yeah, since Uncle Kang went home,
I ordered from there.
You went all the way there to buy it?
Don't you like their food?
You're the best.
Sorry
I've been so busy lately.
I haven't had a chance to ask you.
How's your onboarding at Lan Yue going?
Pretty smoothly.
Let me.
Even though
I have the title of Strategy Director,
I haven't really
Done any real work yet.
Maybe because you just started,
They want you to get
Familiar with the place first.
Probably.
But at least there aren't any restrictions.
I can do my own thing.
Just take it as learning.
Yeah, right.
Why aren't you eating?
Thank you.
I should thank you
For going so far to buy this for me.
I've always felt like
I don't have much luck with family.
But with you,
It feels like having a big brother.
Just...
A big brother?
A younger brother works too.
So, how do you think
Your big brother
Has been taking care of you?
You've always taken good care of me.
If you're willing,
I can keep taking care of you.
I'm sorry.
I really have a lot of
Important things to do.
I don't have the time
Or energy
For a relationship.
Is it because of him?
If that's the case,
I'm willing to wait.
If one day
You find yourself
Needing someone to lean on,
I'll be here.
The two of you
Ordered so many.
Can you finish them all?
What are you doing here?
About tomorrow's
Second-round bidding,
You really want to win, don't you?
Lu Xixiao,
You two are done now.
Try begging me.
Don't go too far.
Is it fun?
So many people are risking their work
To play with you.
Director Lu.
I told you,
Zhou Wan,
Don't let me see you again.
If you do,
I'll make you cry and beg me.
Childish.
I'll wait for you to beg me.
I'll skip the food for now.
I'm taking the beer.
Hello, Xixiao?
It's late now. What's up?
Did you double-check the materials
For tomorrow's bidding?
I checked them with the team.
There are no issues.
Send me the digital copy.
I'll review it again.
N-Now?
It's so late.
Just send it.
We must win
Tomorrow's bidding.
[Lan Yue Group Phase II Resort Internal Bidding Conference]
Let's begin.
[Lan Yue Group Phase II Resort]
Dingshang won.
They won.
Mr. Niu,
We really tried our best.
Their bid changed too fast.
We didn't see it coming.
D-Don't take it too hard.
[Boxing Construction]
It's so beautiful here.
It really looks like
A scene I saw in a movie.
Come on, let's take a picture together.
Just take one of yourself.
You're the one who wanted to come to the resort,
But you're also the one without any vacation spirit.
-Nice. -Be careful.
I've been so busy lately.
Finally getting a breather,
So I wanted to get out.
Yeah.
I've only been to this resort once,
Even though it's right
Here in Pingchuan.
Have you been here before?
I came here when I was young.
Did you?
And you didn't bring me.
Did we even know each other back then?
Sis.
How young was you?
This used to be a factory,
But it went bankrupt due to poor management.
After the land was taken back,
They turned it into this resort.
You can't even tell.
They did a great job.
But I still remember.
The closer I get,
The clearer it becomes.
Who let you in here?
[In Loving Memory]
I came to see him for the last time.
Zhou Wan.
I'm not the one who killed your father.
You think you're smart,
But you're hating
[In Loving Memory]
The wrong person.
No, do you see
-how many workers -We can talk about the price.
I have in this factory?
If they lose this job,
How can they support their families?
What are these workers supposed to do?
Come on.
Mr. Zhou,
Y-you know the f-factory's been
Struggling for years.
[Acquisition Contract]
The price I'm offering you
[Article 3 Overview and Guarantee]
[RMB 8.4 million]
Isn't small.
As for the workers,
Just give them some severance
And send them off.
Alright?
Think about it.
You can tell Mr. Lu
To drop this idea.
Just go.
No.
Wait, you—
Do you even know
What's going on with the factory?
It's already unable to make ends meet.
Fine. You want to be noble?
You can stay with this broken factory then.
Don't bother coming home.
I'm really not trying to make things hard for you.
-I can give you purchase orders. -I know we've had
A good partnership,
But this price—
I really can't do it.
Mr. Zhang.
-You've been here three times. -I'll pay you later.
I know, but I have no choice.
-Please give me the goods. -I'm sorry.
Don't make things difficult for me.
Why are you here again?
I told you.
-I can't give you that price. -Mr. Sun, you have to
You have to help me.
I have so many people
Counting on me.
-I really can't. Try somewhere else. -Think about it.
No, it won't work.
-I'm sorry. -What if
I write you an IOU?
Zhang.
-I really can't help you. -I just want this batch of goods.
Mr. Sun.
Think about it, won't you?
I'm sorry, Ms. Guo.
I really can't.
Hello, beauty.
You're here to see the goods, right?
I see you've been
Running around all day.
Here's my card.
Take a look.
My surname is Huo,
As in "genuine goods."
I'm in
The raw materials business.
Look, these are my goods.
Take a look.
And this too.
My goods
Are a third cheaper
Than other similar types
In this factory.
Think about it.
Doesn't this save
Your factory a lot of money?
Pay the money back!
Zhou Jun, get out here!
Zhou Jun, pay up!
You can't take the fridge!
There's still stuff inside, sir.
Go away!
-A debt must be paid! -Sir. Sir.
Take it!
And you know
What happened after that.
Why are you telling me this?
Thanks to you,
I got all the retribution
That I deserved.
But after all,
We're mother and daughter.
Whatever there was between us,
We should be even now, right?
After I left,
I went south for a few years,
Looking for work.
During the day I waited tables.
At night I couldn't sit still.
I worked as a drink hostess
In different places.
Life was tough.
I went through
A lot in those years.
It was also during that time
That I met him for the first time.
My boss said the rain was too heavy.
-I recognize his secretary -Don't get wet.
As the one who came to buy
Our factory.
But he didn't remember me at all.
That experience wasn't what I'd call beautiful,
But it did
Teach me one thing.
Men are simple.
And Lu Zhongyue was no exception.
I can never go back
To the days when I was Guo Yan.
Never.
Next.
Mr. Zhang, have another drink.
Sorry.
I need to take a call.
You guys go ahead.
Lu...
Hello?
Then I-I'll drink on behalf of Mr. Lu.
Cheers.
A toast to everyone.
Come on, let's eat.
I have plans tomorrow afternoon.
Tomorrow afternoon definitely won't work.
Please come in.
Here they are.
Hello, Mr. Lu.
Hello, Mrs. Lu.
Hello.
Mr. Lu,
You look even more handsome.
And you've put on more weight.
Come, this way.
Once this resort
Is built,
The business
Is going to
Be so booming.
If it weren't for you
Making that introduction back then,
I'd never have
Gotten such a big deal.
Don't mention it.
You've told it so many times.
We're businessmen.
It's all about mutual benefit.
-Right. -Think about it.
If you hadn't helped,
How could I have
Gotten that piece of land?
My goods are
One-third cheaper
Than other similar ones
In this factory.
Here,
Let me introduce.
This is my wife, Guo Xiangling.
Hello.
Oh,
Here's my card.
My surname is Huo,
As in "genuine goods."
Huo as in "foodie."
Here you go again.
Tell me, everyone,
Is Mrs. Lu beautiful?
Gorgeous, isn't she?
Right?
I thought I had every move
Calculated perfectly.
But I forgot one thing—
I'm terrible at reading men.
That man, when he wants
Something he can't have,
He'll use every trick and means
To get it.
He had to prove himself to his father.
That meant getting that piece of land
And building the resort.
So
When Dad refused to sell the factory
To Lu Zhongyue,
He set things up so the factory
Could no longer stay in business.
Pay up!
Zhou Jun, pay up!
Give us back our money!
I wouldn't say
Lu Zhongyue can control everything,
But dealing with the two of us
Is a piece of cake for him.
I'm telling you all this
Because I really hope you can
See reality clearly.
Lu Xixiao and Lu Zhongyue
Are father and son.
Do you really think
They'd turn against each other?
Have an apple.
You should go.
We probably won't
See each other again.
Take care of yourself.
I've told you
About this plan over
And over again.
Everyone has to
Get everything done well.
What did you do?
Do you hear me?
Lu Zhongyue,
I'll make you lose everything.
Here's a small part of the materials
Regarding Lu Zhongyue and Boxing Construction's
Past related projects.
I have more.
You might be interested.
What's your condition?
I want to join the resort's
Phase II project team.